>> Brian: So
the first thing you're gonna see here,
>> Brian: Just in your preview window.
This is like an interface for
the testing suite that I'm using, so
all the green circles you see here, those
are tests that are currently passing.
All of the red Xs here are tests
that are currently failing.
So you have 19 tests and
16 of them are failing.
I wrote three of them so you can
kind of get the gist of how this is
supposed to work, but
as you pass each one,
these will start turning green until
all of them will be green, okay?
Then here it's gonna tell you this
is the name of the test case,
find largest number of test case 1, and
it says expected 0 to be 30, right?
And those are obviously not
equal to each other, so
you need to go make these tests so
that this ends up being 30.
>> Brian: Okay, so here's the first
one that that's passing right now,
addTwoToEveryNumberInTheList.
It takes in the list.
Again, when I say list,
I mean array, same thing.
>> Brian: So I have a new list here,
and what it does is it goes through,
takes a new list, and
it pushes into the list.
Right, remember, push adds
something to the end of the array.
List, list[i] +2, right?
So if this was something like 1, 2,
3, 4, then it's going to first add 2 to 1,
and then it's gonna
push that into newList.
Then it's gonna add it to 2, then it's
gonna add to 3, then it's gonna add to 4,
and so on and so forth until I end up
with something that looks like 3456.
Makes sense?
So that one's already written for you.
Looks good, findLargestNumber.
So this one had three
different tests case on it.
So once I made a pass
then those made it work.
Now what happens if I put three here?.
>> Brian: Notice now that one of the tests
pass, but two of the other ones fail,
right?
And I think the one that it passes on is
what happens if I pass in an empty list.
Well, it doesn't matter what you're
adding to it, so that one still passed,
cuz if you pass in an empty list,
then it should get an empty list back.
>> Brian: Makes sense?
>> Brian: So let's look at some
of the ones you have to do here.
You have to do findLargestNumber, right?
So you're gonna have an entire
list of numbers, and
you're gonna have to return
the largest number in that list.
This one,
you're gonna have to mad a DogObject that
has a speak method that returns whoof,
as in name of Fido has a color property
of white and has an age property of 6.
>> Brian: Okay?
>> Brian: Get a list of names.
>> Brian: [LAUGH] I was
definitely watching Game
of Thrones when I wrote this one [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Brian: So this is going to be an array
of objects that looks something like this,
has a name, a job title, and
an age, and what I want you to do is I
want you to pull out all of the names and
return just a list of names.
You can do that with any one of those.
You could do it with a forloop.
You could do it with a map.
You could do it with four each.
Any one of those would work.
They're getting progressively
more difficult.
Here I want you to take a list of ages and
I want you to get the average age
based on those people's ages.
The objects are gonna
look the same as this.
>> Brian: Okay.
>> Brian: Here,
[LAUGH] this is Assassin's Creed [LAUGH].
Same thing here,
you're gonna have a list of coworker, and
here the job title is boss person, and
I want you to return only the people,
so it should be the same objects, the same
people that have engineer in their title.
>> Brian: Here it says don't use sort.
I revoked that, so you can use sort
if you want to, so let's save that.
>> Brian: If you want to use sort,
go ahead.
If you want to write something
like a bubble sort by hand,
then be my guest just so you know that's
gonna be a little bit more difficult, but
you do have all the tools right now.
You know the tools to be
able to write bubble sort.
>> Brian: Let's put, if you can use sort,
if you want to write it by hand,
use bubble sort or
you could use insertion sort as well.
I'm fine with either one of those.
Bubble sort's gonna tend to be a little
bit easier if you wanna do it by hand.
>> Brian: We'll click Save up there.
>> Brian: Any questions
about any of these tasks?
What do these people objects look like?
>> Brian: Okay, so
the one thing here I wanted to show you,
which I don't think I've shown you before,
it's the one that like,
find all the people that have
engineer in their title, right?
So notice that it's just part of the word.
It's not necessarily that job title,
triple equals engineer.
It's just part of that title, so
I wanna show you really
quick how you might do that.
There's a function on strings,
so if I say const
x = "My name is Brian, and
I think this is long enough now", okay.
So x represents a string right now, right?
Strings have something called includes,
so if I put includes Brian like that,
it returns true because Brian is
literally contained in there, right?
And if I put something,
>> Brian: Someting else in
there it's gonna be false because include
it's not included somewhere in there, so
that's a good one for
you to know and use there.
Okay, last thing here I wanna show
you a little bit about how to
interact with the unit tests here.
So these are called unit tests.
You're testing little units of your code.
>> Brian: Don't modify the code below or
else you're not really gonna be tested,
but there is something that I can show you
that helps us make this little bit easier.
If I put x describe that here,
that means if you look here, and
notice these are grayed out now.
It means that it is no longer
running these tests, so
if you put x in front of anything, x in
front of describe or x in front of it.
Notice here, now it's not
running the first test, right.
Subtle habits skip tests.
This can be useful because, if you're
running a bunch of tests or you're writing
loops or something like that,
you don't want it to run the other tests.
You wanna just focus on one test or
skip other tests.
That's how you do it.
By the same token you can put f in front
of these it will only run that test.
It will focus on that test right?
So now it is only running
this one test right now.
Same thing in front of describe,
you can put f in front of describe.
It'll only run that suite of tests
>> Speaker 3: iI
that because you are using
Jasmine that it does that?
>> Brian: It is something
specific to Jasmine.
>> Brian: Yeah, it's just useful for
when you have to write tests.
>> Speaker 4: Is that just strictly for
JavaScript, or is it for
multiple languages, or IDs or anything?
>> Brian: It's a JavaScript
testing framework, yeah.
You can invoke other languages for
you, but in general,
it's pretty much just meant for
JavaScript.
>> Brian: And here you don't have to worry
about anything other than what I just
showed you.
You shouldn't have to look at the docs or
anything like that.